# License
Invader is owned by [Snowy], but it may contain code from other contributors or
works. This file describes the licenses of Invader's source code.

[Snowy]: https://github.com/SnowyMouse

## Invader
Invader, itself, is licensed under version 3 of the GNU General Public License,
particularly version 3 of the license as published by the Free Software
Foundation in 29 June 2007. See gplv3.txt for an EXACT copy of this license.

Invader is not licensed under ANY earlier or later revision of the GNU General
Public License, nor is it licensed under ANY other license at all EXCEPT at the
discretion of Snowy.

### Content made with Invader
Content made with Invader is not subject to Invader's licensing in any way. If
you create original content with Invader, you own the rights to it including
any sort of distribution and sublicensing rights (by default).

However, if you choose to use, modify, or derive pre-existing content using
Invader, Invader does not affect the rights to that content. This means it may
still belong to its original owner(s) even if you extracted it! Invader neither
gives you the right nor a license to use or modify existing content. This also
includes any and all content supplied by the original game(s) including (but
not limited to) tag files or cache files.

For example, if you use any of MCC's officially released maps or tags to make
custom content, you own all the tags you create with Invader, but the usage of
tags derived from MCC would be bound by the [MCC EULA].

Note: If you do not use any MCC-derived assets, it is important to note that
cache files made with Invader can still be bound by the MCC EULA if you later
make these maps available on MCC. This is not a condition of using Invader but
actually a condition of using MCC!

[MCC EULA]: https://www.halowaypoint.com/halo-the-master-chief-collection/eula

## ADPCM codec
The ADPCM encoder and MosesofEgypt's Xbox ADPCM modifications are BSD ("new" BSD
3-clause license) and MIT, respectively. Licenses can be found at
`src/sound/adpcm_xq/license.txt` and `src/sound/reclaimer-license.txt`.

## Fonts
Roboto Mono is from Google Fonts under [Apache License, Version 2.0].

[Apache License, Version 2.0]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

## STB
The STB (used for decoding various image formats easily) is public domain.
